services.md (#392)
compose-spec/compose-spec: 05-services.md

> ### domainname

Author: TODO: Add more for https://github.com/compose-spec/compose-spec/issues/358

> ### expose

Author: TODO: Check https://github.com/compose-spec/compose-spec/issues/293

Author: Check https://github.com/compose-spec/compose-spec/issues/359

> `interval`, `timeout`, `start_period`, and `start_interval` are [specified as durations](11-extension.md#specifying-durations).

Author: TODO: https://github.com/docker/docs/issues/13361

- `com.docker.compose.project` set on all resources created by Compose to the user project name
- `com.docker.compose.service` set on service containers with service name as defined in the Compose file

The `com.docker.compose` label prefix is reserved. Specifying labels with this prefix in the Compose file
results in a runtime error.

> ### links

Author: https://github.com/compose-spec/compose-spec/issues/394

- `com.docker.compose.project` set on all resources created by Compose to the user project name
- `com.docker.compose.service` set on service containers with service name as defined in the Compose file

The `com.docker.compose` label prefix is reserved. Specifying labels with this prefix in the Compose file
results in a runtime error.

### links

> > **Note**

Author: @glours would this be enough to clarify? Or shall I still specifically call out the merging of v2andv3 file format?

Reviewer: IHMO is good enough, we don't need to details why it was deprecated in Swarm, just let users know some implementations may not support it is enough

`priority` indicates in which order Compose connects the service’s containers to its
networks. If unspecified, the default value is 0.

> In the following example, the app service connects to `app_net_1` first as it has the highest priority. It then connects to app_net_3, then `app_net_2`, which uses the default priority value of 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the app service connects to `app_net_1` first as it has the highest priority. It then connects to `app_net_3`, then `app_net_2`, which uses the default priority value of 0.
```

### mem_swappiness

`mem_swappiness` defines as a percentage, a value between 0 and 100, for the host kernel to swap out
anonymous memory pages used by a container.

- `0`: Turns off anonymous page swapping.
- `100`: Sets all anonymous pages as swappable.

The default value is platform specific.

### memswap_limit

`memswap_limit` defines the amount of memory the container is allowed to swap to disk. This is a modifier

> attribute that only has meaning if [`memory`](#memor) is also set. Using swap allows the container to write excess

Author: TODO: clarify, and is this to deploy memory?

### ports

Exposes container ports.

> **Note**
>
> Port mapping must not be used with `network_mode: host` otherwise a runtime error occurs.

#### Short syntax

The short syntax is a colon-separated string to set the host IP, host port, and container port
in the form:

`[HOST:]CONTAINER[/PROTOCOL]` where:

- `HOST` is `[IP:](port | range)`
- `CONTAINER` is `port | range`
- `PROTOCOL` to restrict port to specified protocol. `tcp` and `udp` values are defined by the Specification,
  Compose offers support for platform-specific protocol names.

If host IP is not set, it binds to all network interfaces. Ports can be either a single
value or a range. Host and container must use equivalent ranges.

Either specify both ports (`HOST:CONTAINER`), or just the container port. In the latter case,

> Compose automatically allocates any unassigned host a port.

Reviewer: this the port which is unassigned not the host
```suggestion
Compose automatically allocates any unassigned port of the host.
```

  - "6060:6060/udp"
```

> **Note**
>
> If Host IP mapping is not supported by a container engine, Compose rejects
> the Compose file and ignores the specified host IP.

#### Long syntax

The long form syntax allows the configuration of additional fields that can't be
expressed in the short form.

- `target`: The container port

> - `published`: The publicly exposed port. Can be set as a range using syntax `start-end`, so it is defined as a string, then actual port should be assigned within this range based on available ports.

Author: TODO: Clarify meaning

### profiles

`profiles` defines a list of named profiles for the service to be enabled under. If unassigned, the service is always started but if assigned, it is only started if the profile is activated.

If present, `profiles` follow the regex format of `[a-zA-Z0-9][a-zA-Z0-9_.-]+`.

```yaml
services:
  frontend:
    image: frontend
    profiles: ["frontend"]

  phpmyadmin:
    image: phpmyadmin
    depends_on:
      - db
    profiles:
      - debug
```

### pull_policy

`pull_policy` defines the decisions Compose makes when it starts to pull images. Possible values are:

* `always`: Compose always pulls the image from the registry.
* `never`: Compose doesn't pull the image from a registry and relies on the platform cached image.
   If there is no cached image, a failure is reported.
* `missing`: Compose pulls the image only if it's not available in the platform cache.
   This is the default option if you are not also using the [Compose Build Specification](build.md).
  `if_not_present` is considered an alias for this value for backward compatibility.
* `build`: Compose builds the image. Compose rebuilds the image if it's already present.

> If `pull_policy` and `build` are both present, Compose builds the image by default. Compose may override this behavior in the toolchain.

Author: TODO: Clarify last sentence

>   `/run/secrets/` in the service's task containers. Default value is USER running container.

Author: Check https://github.com/compose-spec/compose-spec/issues/387
